add documentation for server-cors-allowed-origins config (#688)
PostgREST/postgrest-docs: docs/references/api/cors.rst

.. _cors:

CORS
====

PostgREST can set any cross origin resource sharing, that is why it can accept Ajax requests from any set of domains.

> You can specify the allowed CORS origins using the :code:`server-cors-allowed-origins` config. If the config is not set, it accepts requests from any domain. If the config is set to :code:`""`, it rejects requests from any domain. See :ref:`server_cors_allowed_origins`.

Reviewer: These parts would fit better on the config page.

```
If the config is not set, it accepts requests from any domain. If the config is set to :code:`""`, it rejects requests from any domain.
```

They can be bullets like here https://postgrest--688.org.readthedocs.build/en/688/references/configuration.html#server-host

> PostgREST can set any cross origin resource sharing, that is why it can accept Ajax requests from any set of domains.
> 
> You can specify the allowed CORS origins using the :code:`server-cors-allowed-origins` config. If the config is not set, it accepts requests from any domain. If the config is set to :code:`""`, it rejects requests from any domain. See :ref:`server_cors_allowed_origins`.
> 
> With the below config setting, PostgREST will accept requests from :code:`http://example.com` and :code:`http://example2.com`.
> 
> .. code-block::
>   
>   server-cors-allowed-origins="http://example.com, http://example2.com"
> 

Reviewer: I think we should start from the most common use case, which is accept all domains:

```suggestion
By default, PostgREST sets highly permissive cross origin resource sharing, that is why it accepts Ajax requests from any domain.This behavior can be configured by using :ref:`_server_cors_allowed_origins
```

Reviewer: Then at the end of this page, something like:

```
Allowed Origins
===============

With the below config setting, PostgREST will accept requests from :code:`http://example.com` and :code:`http://example2.com`.

.. code-block::
  
  server-cors-allowed-origins="http://example.com, http://example2.com"

```

  Access-Control-Allow-Methods: GET, POST, PATCH, PUT, DELETE, OPTIONS, HEAD
  Access-Control-Allow-Headers: Authorization, Content-Type, Accept, Accept-Language, Content-Language
  Access-Control-Max-Age: 86400

.. _allowed_origins:

Allowed Origins
===============

> With the below config setting, PostgREST will accept CORS requests from domains :code:`http://example.com` and :code:`http://example2.com`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the following config setting, PostgREST will accept CORS requests from domains :code:`http://example.com` and :code:`http://example2.com`.
```

TIL that "bellow" [is not commonly used as an adjective](https://english.stackexchange.com/a/611).
